README.md, before:

# How to use

Case 1. Create Security group and create RDS

```
data "aws_vpc" "main" {
  id = "vpc-04c3b2abe39cd8a6a"
}

module "rds" {
    source  = "dasmeta/modules/aws//modules/rds"
    allocated_storage    = 20
    storage_type         = "gp2"
    engine               = "mysql"
    engine_version       = "5.7.26"
    instance_class       = "db.t2.micro"
    identifier           = "db"
    db_name              = "db"
    db_username          = "root"
    db_password          = "some-password"
    parameter_group_name = "default.mysql5.7"
    vpc_id               = "${data.aws_vpc.main.id}"
    subnet_ids           = ["subnet-04ad8ad2fdec889ec","subnet-0ea0a01c1bea0a0c9"]

    create_security_group = true
    ingress_with_cidr_blocks = [
    {
        description = "3306 from VPC"
        from_port   = 3306
        to_port     = 3306
        protocol    = "tcp"
        cidr_blocks = "${data.aws_vpc.main.cidr_block}"
    }]

    egress_with_cidr_blocks = [
        {
        from_port   = 0
        to_port     = 0
        protocol    = "-1"
        cidr_blocks ="[0.0.0.0/0]"
    }]
}
```

Case 2. Create RDS

```
module "rds" {
    source  = "dasmeta/modules/aws//modules/rds"
    allocated_storage    = 20
    storage_type         = "gp2"
    engine               = "mysql"
    engine_version       = "5.7.26"
    instance_class       = "db.t2.micro"
    identifier           = "db"
    db_name              = "db"
    db_username          = "root"
    db_password          = "some-password"
    parameter_group_name = "default.mysql5.7"

    vpc_id                 = "vpc-04c3b2abe39cd8a6a"
    subnet_ids             = ["subnet-04ad8ad2fdec889ec","subnet-0ea0a01c1bea0a0c9"]

    create_security_group = false
//  vpc_security_group_ids = ["sg-062742ac7a7f8c7a7"]
}
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | n/a |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_cw_alerts"></a> [cw\_alerts](#module\_cw\_alerts) | dasmeta/monitoring/aws//modules/alerts | 1.3.5 |
| <a name="module_db"></a> [db](#module\_db) | terraform-aws-modules/rds/aws | ~> 6.1 |
| <a name="module_security_group"></a> [security\_group](#module\_security\_group) | terraform-aws-modules/security-group/aws | 4.7.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_db_instance.database](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/db_instance) | data source |
| [aws_ec2_instance_type.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ec2_instance_type) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_alarms"></a> [alarms](#input\_alarms) | n/a | <pre>object({<br>    enabled       = optional(bool, true)<br>    sns_topic     = string<br>    custom_values = optional(any, {})<br>  })</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_allocated_storage"></a> [allocated\_storage](#input\_allocated\_storage) | The allocated storage in gigabytes | `number` | `20` | no |
| <a name="input_apply_immediately"></a> [apply\_immediately](#input\_apply\_immediately) | Specifies whether any database modifications are applied immediately, or during the next maintenance window | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_backup_retention_period"></a> [backup\_retention\_period](#input\_backup\_retention\_period) | The days to retain backups for | `number` | `35` | no |
| <a name="input_backup_window"></a> [backup\_window](#input\_backup\_window) | The daily time range (in UTC) during which automated backups are created if they are enabled. Example: '09:46-10:16'. Must not overlap with maintenance\_window | `string` | `"03:00-06:00"` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_retention_in_days"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_in\_days](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_in\_days) | The number of days to retain CloudWatch logs for the DB instance | `number` | `30` | no |
| <a name="input_create_cloudwatch_log_group"></a> [create\_cloudwatch\_log\_group](#input\_create\_cloudwatch\_log\_group) | Determines whether a CloudWatch log group is created for each enabled\_cloudwatch\_logs\_exports | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_db_option_group"></a> [create\_db\_option\_group](#input\_create\_db\_option\_group) | Create a database option group | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_db_parameter_group"></a> [create\_db\_parameter\_group](#input\_create\_db\_parameter\_group) | Whether to create a database parameter group | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_db_subnet_group"></a> [create\_db\_subnet\_group](#input\_create\_db\_subnet\_group) | Whether to create a database subnet group | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_monitoring_role"></a> [create\_monitoring\_role](#input\_create\_monitoring\_role) | Create IAM role with a defined name that permits RDS to send enhanced monitoring metrics to CloudWatch Logs | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_security_group"></a> [create\_security\_group](#input\_create\_security\_group) | n/a | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_db_instance_tags"></a> [db\_instance\_tags](#input\_db\_instance\_tags) | Additional tags for the DB instance | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_db_name"></a> [db\_name](#input\_db\_name) | The DB name to create. If omitted, no database is created initially | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_option_group_tags"></a> [db\_option\_group\_tags](#input\_db\_option\_group\_tags) | Additional tags for the DB option group | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_db_parameter_group_tags"></a> [db\_parameter\_group\_tags](#input\_db\_parameter\_group\_tags) | n/a | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_db_password"></a> [db\_password](#input\_db\_password) | Password for the master DB user. Note that this may show up in logs, and it will be stored in the state file | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_subnet_group_name"></a> [db\_subnet\_group\_name](#input\_db\_subnet\_group\_name) | Name of DB subnet group. DB instance will be created in the VPC associated with the DB subnet group. If unspecified, will be created in the default VPC | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_db_subnet_group_tags"></a> [db\_subnet\_group\_tags](#input\_db\_subnet\_group\_tags) | Additional tags for the  DB parameter group | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_db_subnet_group_use_name_prefix"></a> [db\_subnet\_group\_use\_name\_prefix](#input\_db\_subnet\_group\_use\_name\_prefix) | Determines whether to use `subnet_group_name` as is or create a unique name beginning with the `subnet_group_name` as the prefix | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_db_username"></a> [db\_username](#input\_db\_username) | Username for the master DB user | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_deletion_protection"></a> [deletion\_protection](#input\_deletion\_protection) | The database can't be deleted when this value is set to true | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_egress_with_cidr_blocks"></a> [egress\_with\_cidr\_blocks](#input\_egress\_with\_cidr\_blocks) | n/a | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled_cloudwatch_logs_exports"></a> [enabled\_cloudwatch\_logs\_exports](#input\_enabled\_cloudwatch\_logs\_exports) | List of log types to enable for exporting to CloudWatch logs. If omitted, no logs will be exported. Valid values (depending on engine): alert, audit, error, general, listener, slowquery, trace, postgresql (PostgreSQL), upgrade (PostgreSQL) | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "general"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_engine"></a> [engine](#input\_engine) | The database engine to use | `string` | `"mysql"` | no |
| <a name="input_engine_version"></a> [engine\_version](#input\_engine\_version) | The engine version to use | `string` | `"5.7.26"` | no |
| <a name="input_family"></a> [family](#input\_family) | The family of the DB parameter group | `string` | `"mysql5.7"` | no |
| <a name="input_iam_database_authentication_enabled"></a> [iam\_database\_authentication\_enabled](#input\_iam\_database\_authentication\_enabled) | Specifies whether or not the mappings of AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) accounts to database accounts are enabled | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_identifier"></a> [identifier](#input\_identifier) | Specifies the identifier of the CA certificate for the DB instance | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ingress_with_cidr_blocks"></a> [ingress\_with\_cidr\_blocks](#input\_ingress\_with\_cidr\_blocks) | n/a | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_instance_class"></a> [instance\_class](#input\_instance\_class) | The instance type of the RDS instance | `string` | `"db.t3.medium"` | no |
| <a name="input_maintenance_window"></a> [maintenance\_window](#input\_maintenance\_window) | The window to perform maintenance in. Syntax: 'ddd:hh24:mi-ddd:hh24:mi'. Eg: 'Mon:00:00-Mon:03:00' | `string` | `"Mon:00:00-Mon:03:00"` | no |
| <a name="input_major_engine_version"></a> [major\_engine\_version](#input\_major\_engine\_version) | Specifies the major version of the engine that this option group should be associated with | `string` | `"5.7"` | no |
| <a name="input_manage_master_user_password"></a> [manage\_master\_user\_password](#input\_manage\_master\_user\_password) | Set to true to allow RDS to manage the master user password in Secrets Manager | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_max_allocated_storage"></a> [max\_allocated\_storage](#input\_max\_allocated\_storage) | Specifies the value for Storage Autoscaling | `number` | `100` | no |
| <a name="input_monitoring_interval"></a> [monitoring\_interval](#input\_monitoring\_interval) | The interval, in seconds, between points when Enhanced Monitoring metrics are collected for the DB instance. To disable collecting Enhanced Monitoring metrics, specify 0. The default is 0. Valid Values: 0, 1, 5, 10, 15, 30, 60 | `number` | `0` | no |
| <a name="input_monitoring_role_name"></a> [monitoring\_role\_name](#input\_monitoring\_role\_name) | Name of the IAM role which will be created when create\_monitoring\_role is enabled | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_multi_az"></a> [multi\_az](#input\_multi\_az) | Specifies if the RDS instance is multi-AZ | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_options"></a> [options](#input\_options) | A list of Options to apply | `list(any)` | <pre>[<br>  {<br>    "option_name": "MARIADB_AUDIT_PLUGIN",<br>    "option_settings": [<br>      {<br>        "name": "SERVER_AUDIT_EVENTS",<br>        "value": "CONNECT"<br>      },<br>      {<br>        "name": "SERVER_AUDIT_FILE_ROTATIONS",<br>        "value": "37"<br>      }<br>    ]<br>  }<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_parameter_group_name"></a> [parameter\_group\_name](#input\_parameter\_group\_name) | Name of the DB parameter group to associate or create | `string` | `"default.mysql5.7"` | no |
| <a name="input_parameters"></a> [parameters](#input\_parameters) | A list of DB parameters (map) to apply | `list(map(any))` | <pre>[<br>  {<br>    "name": "character_set_client",<br>    "value": "utf8mb4"<br>  },<br>  {<br>    "name": "character_set_server",<br>    "value": "utf8mb4"<br>  },<br>  {<br>    "max_connections": "500"<br>  }<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_port"></a> [port](#input\_port) | The port on which the DB accepts connections | `number` | `3306` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_description"></a> [security\_group\_description](#input\_security\_group\_description) | n/a | `string` | `"MySQL security group"` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_name"></a> [security\_group\_name](#input\_security\_group\_name) | n/a | `string` | `"db_security_group"` | no |
| <a name="input_skip_final_snapshot"></a> [skip\_final\_snapshot](#input\_skip\_final\_snapshot) | Determines whether a final DB snapshot is created before the DB instance is deleted. If true is specified, no DBSnapshot is created. If false is specified, a DB snapshot is created before the DB instance is deleted | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_type"></a> [storage\_type](#input\_storage\_type) | One of 'standard' (magnetic), 'gp2' (general purpose SSD), or 'io1' (provisioned IOPS SSD). The default is 'io1' if iops is specified, 'gp2' if not | `string` | `"gp2"` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_ids"></a> [subnet\_ids](#input\_subnet\_ids) | A list of VPC subnet IDs | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A mapping of tags to assign to all resources | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | n/a | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_security_group_ids"></a> [vpc\_security\_group\_ids](#input\_vpc\_security\_group\_ids) | List of VPC security groups to associate | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_db_instance_address"></a> [db\_instance\_address](#output\_db\_instance\_address) | The address of the RDS instance |
| <a name="output_db_instance_arn"></a> [db\_instance\_arn](#output\_db\_instance\_arn) | The ARN of the RDS instance |
| <a name="output_db_instance_cloudwatch_log_groups"></a> [db\_instance\_cloudwatch\_log\_groups](#output\_db\_instance\_cloudwatch\_log\_groups) | Map of CloudWatch log groups created and their attributes |
| <a name="output_db_instance_endpoint"></a> [db\_instance\_endpoint](#output\_db\_instance\_endpoint) | The connection endpoint |
| <a name="output_db_instance_port"></a> [db\_instance\_port](#output\_db\_instance\_port) | The database port |
| <a name="output_db_password"></a> [db\_password](#output\_db\_password) | DB password |
| <a name="output_db_username"></a> [db\_username](#output\_db\_username) | DB username |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

feat(DMVP-3129): Added slow queries feature for postgre engine

README.md, after:

# How to use

Case 1. Create Security group and create RDS

```
data "aws_vpc" "main" {
  id = "vpc-04c3b2abe39cd8a6a"
}

module "rds" {
    source  = "dasmeta/modules/aws//modules/rds"
    allocated_storage    = 20
    storage_type         = "gp2"
    engine               = "mysql"
    engine_version       = "5.7.26"
    instance_class       = "db.t2.micro"
    identifier           = "db"
    db_name              = "db"
    db_username          = "root"
    db_password          = "some-password"
    parameter_group_name = "default.mysql5.7"
    vpc_id               = "${data.aws_vpc.main.id}"
    subnet_ids           = ["subnet-04ad8ad2fdec889ec","subnet-0ea0a01c1bea0a0c9"]

    create_security_group = true
    ingress_with_cidr_blocks = [
    {
        description = "3306 from VPC"
        from_port   = 3306
        to_port     = 3306
        protocol    = "tcp"
        cidr_blocks = "${data.aws_vpc.main.cidr_block}"
    }]

    egress_with_cidr_blocks = [
        {
        from_port   = 0
        to_port     = 0
        protocol    = "-1"
        cidr_blocks ="[0.0.0.0/0]"
    }]
}
```

Case 2. Create RDS

```
module "rds" {
    source  = "dasmeta/modules/aws//modules/rds"
    allocated_storage    = 20
    storage_type         = "gp2"
    engine               = "mysql"
    engine_version       = "5.7.26"
    instance_class       = "db.t2.micro"
    identifier           = "db"
    db_name              = "db"
    db_username          = "root"
    db_password          = "some-password"
    parameter_group_name = "default.mysql5.7"

    vpc_id                 = "vpc-04c3b2abe39cd8a6a"
    subnet_ids             = ["subnet-04ad8ad2fdec889ec","subnet-0ea0a01c1bea0a0c9"]

    create_security_group = false
//  vpc_security_group_ids = ["sg-062742ac7a7f8c7a7"]
}
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | 5.29.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_cloudwatch_metric_filters"></a> [cloudwatch\_metric\_filters](#module\_cloudwatch\_metric\_filters) | dasmeta/monitoring/aws//modules/cloudwatch-log-based-metrics | 1.13.2 |
| <a name="module_cw_alerts"></a> [cw\_alerts](#module\_cw\_alerts) | dasmeta/monitoring/aws//modules/alerts | 1.3.5 |
| <a name="module_db"></a> [db](#module\_db) | terraform-aws-modules/rds/aws | ~> 6.1 |
| <a name="module_security_group"></a> [security\_group](#module\_security\_group) | terraform-aws-modules/security-group/aws | 4.7.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_db_instance.database](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/db_instance) | data source |
| [aws_ec2_instance_type.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ec2_instance_type) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_alarms"></a> [alarms](#input\_alarms) | n/a | <pre>object({<br>    enabled       = optional(bool, true)<br>    sns_topic     = string<br>    custom_values = optional(any, {})<br>  })</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_allocated_storage"></a> [allocated\_storage](#input\_allocated\_storage) | The allocated storage in gigabytes | `number` | `20` | no |
| <a name="input_apply_immediately"></a> [apply\_immediately](#input\_apply\_immediately) | Specifies whether any database modifications are applied immediately, or during the next maintenance window | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_backup_retention_period"></a> [backup\_retention\_period](#input\_backup\_retention\_period) | The days to retain backups for | `number` | `35` | no |
| <a name="input_backup_window"></a> [backup\_window](#input\_backup\_window) | The daily time range (in UTC) during which automated backups are created if they are enabled. Example: '09:46-10:16'. Must not overlap with maintenance\_window | `string` | `"03:00-06:00"` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_retention_in_days"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_in\_days](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_in\_days) | The number of days to retain CloudWatch logs for the DB instance | `number` | `30` | no |
| <a name="input_create_cloudwatch_log_group"></a> [create\_cloudwatch\_log\_group](#input\_create\_cloudwatch\_log\_group) | Determines whether a CloudWatch log group is created for each enabled\_cloudwatch\_logs\_exports | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_db_option_group"></a> [create\_db\_option\_group](#input\_create\_db\_option\_group) | Create a database option group | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_db_parameter_group"></a> [create\_db\_parameter\_group](#input\_create\_db\_parameter\_group) | Whether to create a database parameter group | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_db_subnet_group"></a> [create\_db\_subnet\_group](#input\_create\_db\_subnet\_group) | Whether to create a database subnet group | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_monitoring_role"></a> [create\_monitoring\_role](#input\_create\_monitoring\_role) | Create IAM role with a defined name that permits RDS to send enhanced monitoring metrics to CloudWatch Logs | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_security_group"></a> [create\_security\_group](#input\_create\_security\_group) | n/a | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_db_instance_tags"></a> [db\_instance\_tags](#input\_db\_instance\_tags) | Additional tags for the DB instance | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_db_name"></a> [db\_name](#input\_db\_name) | The DB name to create. If omitted, no database is created initially | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_option_group_tags"></a> [db\_option\_group\_tags](#input\_db\_option\_group\_tags) | Additional tags for the DB option group | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_db_parameter_group_tags"></a> [db\_parameter\_group\_tags](#input\_db\_parameter\_group\_tags) | n/a | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_db_password"></a> [db\_password](#input\_db\_password) | Password for the master DB user. Note that this may show up in logs, and it will be stored in the state file | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_db_subnet_group_name"></a> [db\_subnet\_group\_name](#input\_db\_subnet\_group\_name) | Name of DB subnet group. DB instance will be created in the VPC associated with the DB subnet group. If unspecified, will be created in the default VPC | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_db_subnet_group_tags"></a> [db\_subnet\_group\_tags](#input\_db\_subnet\_group\_tags) | Additional tags for the  DB parameter group | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_db_subnet_group_use_name_prefix"></a> [db\_subnet\_group\_use\_name\_prefix](#input\_db\_subnet\_group\_use\_name\_prefix) | Determines whether to use `subnet_group_name` as is or create a unique name beginning with the `subnet_group_name` as the prefix | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_db_username"></a> [db\_username](#input\_db\_username) | Username for the master DB user | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_deletion_protection"></a> [deletion\_protection](#input\_deletion\_protection) | The database can't be deleted when this value is set to true | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_egress_with_cidr_blocks"></a> [egress\_with\_cidr\_blocks](#input\_egress\_with\_cidr\_blocks) | n/a | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled_cloudwatch_logs_exports"></a> [enabled\_cloudwatch\_logs\_exports](#input\_enabled\_cloudwatch\_logs\_exports) | List of log types to enable for exporting to CloudWatch logs. If omitted, no logs will be exported. Valid values (depending on engine): alert, audit, error, general, listener, slowquery, trace, postgresql (PostgreSQL), upgrade (PostgreSQL) | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_engine"></a> [engine](#input\_engine) | The database engine to use | `string` | `"mysql"` | no |
| <a name="input_engine_version"></a> [engine\_version](#input\_engine\_version) | The engine version to use | `string` | `"5.7.26"` | no |
| <a name="input_iam_database_authentication_enabled"></a> [iam\_database\_authentication\_enabled](#input\_iam\_database\_authentication\_enabled) | Specifies whether or not the mappings of AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) accounts to database accounts are enabled | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_identifier"></a> [identifier](#input\_identifier) | Specifies the identifier of the CA certificate for the DB instance | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ingress_with_cidr_blocks"></a> [ingress\_with\_cidr\_blocks](#input\_ingress\_with\_cidr\_blocks) | n/a | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_instance_class"></a> [instance\_class](#input\_instance\_class) | The instance type of the RDS instance | `string` | `"db.t3.medium"` | no |
| <a name="input_maintenance_window"></a> [maintenance\_window](#input\_maintenance\_window) | The window to perform maintenance in. Syntax: 'ddd:hh24:mi-ddd:hh24:mi'. Eg: 'Mon:00:00-Mon:03:00' | `string` | `"Mon:00:00-Mon:03:00"` | no |
| <a name="input_major_engine_version"></a> [major\_engine\_version](#input\_major\_engine\_version) | Specifies the major version of the engine that this option group should be associated with | `string` | `"5.7"` | no |
| <a name="input_manage_master_user_password"></a> [manage\_master\_user\_password](#input\_manage\_master\_user\_password) | Set to true to allow RDS to manage the master user password in Secrets Manager | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_max_allocated_storage"></a> [max\_allocated\_storage](#input\_max\_allocated\_storage) | Specifies the value for Storage Autoscaling | `number` | `100` | no |
| <a name="input_monitoring_interval"></a> [monitoring\_interval](#input\_monitoring\_interval) | The interval, in seconds, between points when Enhanced Monitoring metrics are collected for the DB instance. To disable collecting Enhanced Monitoring metrics, specify 0. The default is 0. Valid Values: 0, 1, 5, 10, 15, 30, 60 | `number` | `0` | no |
| <a name="input_monitoring_role_name"></a> [monitoring\_role\_name](#input\_monitoring\_role\_name) | Name of the IAM role which will be created when create\_monitoring\_role is enabled | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_multi_az"></a> [multi\_az](#input\_multi\_az) | Specifies if the RDS instance is multi-AZ | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_options"></a> [options](#input\_options) | A list of Options to apply | `list(any)` | <pre>[<br>  {<br>    "option_name": "MARIADB_AUDIT_PLUGIN",<br>    "option_settings": [<br>      {<br>        "name": "SERVER_AUDIT_EVENTS",<br>        "value": "CONNECT"<br>      },<br>      {<br>        "name": "SERVER_AUDIT_FILE_ROTATIONS",<br>        "value": "37"<br>      }<br>    ]<br>  }<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_parameter_group_name"></a> [parameter\_group\_name](#input\_parameter\_group\_name) | Name of the DB parameter group to associate or create | `string` | `"default.mysql5.7"` | no |
| <a name="input_parameter_group_use_name_prefix"></a> [parameter\_group\_use\_name\_prefix](#input\_parameter\_group\_use\_name\_prefix) | Determines whether to use parameter\_group\_name as is or create a unique name beginning with the parameter\_group\_name as the prefix | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_parameters"></a> [parameters](#input\_parameters) | A list of DB parameters (map) to apply | `list(map(any))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_port"></a> [port](#input\_port) | The port on which the DB accepts connections | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_description"></a> [security\_group\_description](#input\_security\_group\_description) | n/a | `string` | `"MySQL security group"` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_name"></a> [security\_group\_name](#input\_security\_group\_name) | n/a | `string` | `"db_security_group"` | no |
| <a name="input_skip_final_snapshot"></a> [skip\_final\_snapshot](#input\_skip\_final\_snapshot) | Determines whether a final DB snapshot is created before the DB instance is deleted. If true is specified, no DBSnapshot is created. If false is specified, a DB snapshot is created before the DB instance is deleted | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_slow_queries"></a> [slow\_queries](#input\_slow\_queries) | n/a | <pre>object({<br>    enabled        = optional(bool, true)<br>    query_duration = optional(number, 3)<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "enabled": true,<br>  "query_duration": 3<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_storage_type"></a> [storage\_type](#input\_storage\_type) | One of 'standard' (magnetic), 'gp2' (general purpose SSD), or 'io1' (provisioned IOPS SSD). The default is 'io1' if iops is specified, 'gp2' if not | `string` | `"gp2"` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_ids"></a> [subnet\_ids](#input\_subnet\_ids) | A list of VPC subnet IDs | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A mapping of tags to assign to all resources | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | n/a | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_security_group_ids"></a> [vpc\_security\_group\_ids](#input\_vpc\_security\_group\_ids) | List of VPC security groups to associate | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_db_instance_address"></a> [db\_instance\_address](#output\_db\_instance\_address) | The address of the RDS instance |
| <a name="output_db_instance_arn"></a> [db\_instance\_arn](#output\_db\_instance\_arn) | The ARN of the RDS instance |
| <a name="output_db_instance_cloudwatch_log_groups"></a> [db\_instance\_cloudwatch\_log\_groups](#output\_db\_instance\_cloudwatch\_log\_groups) | Map of CloudWatch log groups created and their attributes |
| <a name="output_db_instance_endpoint"></a> [db\_instance\_endpoint](#output\_db\_instance\_endpoint) | The connection endpoint |
| <a name="output_db_instance_port"></a> [db\_instance\_port](#output\_db\_instance\_port) | The database port |
| <a name="output_db_password"></a> [db\_password](#output\_db\_password) | DB password |
| <a name="output_db_username"></a> [db\_username](#output\_db\_username) | DB username |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
